Update documentation for platform support (#197)
finos/opengris-scaler: docs/source/tutorials/quickstart.rst

.. note::
    Although the architecture is similar to Dask, Scaler has a better decoupling of these systems and separation of concerns. For example, the Client only knows about the Scheduler and doesn't directly see the number of workers.

.. note::

>     Scaler's Client is cross platformed on Windows and GNU/Linux, while other components can only be run on GNU/Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Scaler's Client is cross platform for Windows and GNU/Linux, while other components can only be run on GNU/Linux.
```
